oh boy time for some cube oh man it was
a long day today I'm ready to come home
and record some cube all right let's go
are you serious
no not hold on what I'm supposed to
record a cube episode how the heck am I
supposed to make a video now I can't
just not upload a video are you serious
what am I supposed to do then
[Music]
no I I can't do that what's a single
player what what is a single player
create new world the heck is this
supposed to be alright I don't know what
any of this thing means minecraft create
world what the heck
single player am I supposed to do now
what the heck is single player nobody
else is online in single player I'm
playing Minecraft by myself what the
heck there's no one in this Minecraft
world does that mean nobody's outside in
real life hold on hold on let's go check
no way dude this can't be happening this
cannot be happening
no way
no way this can be happening come on I
got like 17 doors to go outside I can't
even open this one there we go
oh yeah it's like 2:00 a.m. no nobody
goes outside at this time okay
that's awkward we're playing Minecraft
offline so I'm actually stuck in this
world with nobody to play with anyone
nobody's gonna answer me why am I even
trying I guess we better place some
minecraft then are you serious
the first cave I try and walk to to mine
some stone there's a gosh-dang skeleton
waiting for me get out of here will you
die there we go there we go got some
tools or I think we are ready to go on I
don't really know like what the point of
like what am I supposed to do in
single-player minecraft is there's
nobody here I'm basically just doing
nothing because you know no one else is
gonna see my work how am I supposed to
be satisfied with my work if nobody's
gonna see it
oh man I already can't sprint now how
where where the shops I could buy some
more food at are you serious like where
am I supposed to get food then I have to
I have to collect stuff myself I'd
rather just go to a shop and buy you
know that that's way easier
oh wait what's that hey food
it's kind of cool doing stuff on my own
oh my god people people hello hello
hello there's people here I found people
oh my gosh hello somebody please talk to
me I've been playing Minecraft without
any other people I've been playing
single-player I hello I'm stuck in
single-player hello
I'm trying to get back to multiplayer
can you help me no rude seriously none
of you can help me all you're doing is
going her like seriously I need some
help I need to get back to multiplayer
no one's helping me in this
single-player world nobody wants to help
me you know what forget those villagers
will get more rich than their entire
village combined okay huh it's iron
let's get to work
[Music]
good morning peasants welcome to the
village of grapple where I am the ruler
here I told you guys I got hard to work
and I made this a reality let's just go
down and see what our peasants are up to
today hello mister Fleeman flammer how
was your day today I see by your house
you have a nice dirt floor in here I bet
you'd like something like mine how about
I show you around my place just go ahead
and follow me up the goal block road
here Hey but is he not coming but look
at my yard it's so wonderful it's made
out of emerald blocks pure emerald
blocks my house is made out of diamonds
and gold look at it it's wonderful your
peasants just won't listen will you you
just won't listen doesn't anyone like my
house no one appreciates my work not
even these villagers I showed them up in
every aspect and they still don't give a
heck this one's on the roof for pete's
sake when will anybody care about what
I'm doing
wait what the heck what's that it's
Straub hello yeah what's up what do you
mean are you serious
minecraft spin down and all day I think
are you serious I just wasted all this
time and singleplayer and the cubes up
yeah oh my god freak this dude oh my god
I just spent hours on this world for
nothing
the cubes up I thought it was gonna be
now forever oh my gosh not that's it
this is so dumb I can't even believe
this this pic is super slow - you know
what heck this I've had enough of
single-player no one appreciates my work
in single-player you know I take this
take this take that all right let's see
if the cubes actually online cuz I don't
really believe in what and look looks
like straw okay he's on he's on Calif
login are you serious hey we're back on
hold on let me let me get on teamspeak
with second one sec hey straw house it
going hey man what's up not too much man
I've just been hanging out you know what
I was having problems in single-player
nobody appreciated my bills but I'm
finally back on the cube somebody can
appreciate my builds hello Straub Straub
stop no are you kidding me no I'm done